# The Julia Set
The Julia Set is a set in complex dynamics. It is complementary with the Fatou Set (refer to Daniel Manita's fractal for the Fatou Set)
> Julia set fractals are normally generated by initializing a complex number  z = x + yi  where  i^2 = -1  and x and y are image pixel coordinates in the range of about -2 to 2. Then, z is repeatedly updated using:  z = z^2 + c  where c is another complex number that gives a specific Julia set. After numerous iterations, if the magnitude of z is less than 2 we say that pixel is in the Julia set and color it accordingly. Performing this calculation for a whole grid of pixels gives a fractal image. [Source](https://www.karlsims.com/julia.html)

This arbitrary "2" can be altered in `main.py`. It is known as the escape radius.\
The c value(s) can also be changed in `main.py`.

## Running the Project
In order to use this, you must have `python` as well as `turtle` installed. Once those are installed:

1.  You must first clone the repository onto your local drive. In a command line, run:
    ```git clone https://https://github.com/dfn-slxxp/AnnualCS-Fractals.git```

2.  You can use any editor to edit the values in `main.py`. All the editable values and things they do are labelled.

3.  Then, `cd` into the folder.
    ```cd AnnualCS-Fractals```

4.  Run `main.py`. You can do this from within your text editor, or run it through the command line. 
    ```python3 main.py``` or ```py main.py```\
    Whatever works.

&emsp;&emsp;Viola! There is your Julia Set!

### About
This project was made for the Annual CS class taught my Ms. Mouzakitis at Stuyvesant High School. 

#### Credit
This project was made by:\
&emsp;-Emily Kagan, p6\
&emsp;-Sebastian Waldman, p7\
&emsp;-Warren Andrews, p7